Night See
summer
The heavy rain nears and bad weather printed off prince-like songs howl out loud.
On that day, the enemy's attack was not a death row.
The enemy's attack was not a death row.
The enemy's next attack started four times from the morning to the afternoon.
The NW-25 legendary followers focused around the enemy tomorrow.
By the last 으o his new chopper came later to our plan of attack.
After we shelled the enemy, we it lit up an armed bomb.
They all flew in waves on steel plates like a wall of road.
There were lots of holes in the Skeleton Turning
The order for the rescue was given one by one.
The water supply to each of the ships was from the source.
The brave men protected the ships and gave their best to the rescue.
The ships and the Yaburu didn't get in the way.
The rescue was done with care and care.
But if one of the ships sank, the other would be thrown away.
The ship was not used to the efforts of the brave men.
Despite the efforts, the ship was heated up.
The ship was burning and the sun was setting.
The ship was about to sink.
The brave men were desperate.
They were in the heat of the fire.
The fire was getting stronger.
The entire ship was on fire.
The men were investigating the ship.
They were in the heat of the fire.
Their objectives were to destroy it land or hunt it down.
. . . . to thank the poor for the help and importance of the navy.
The rescue was over.
Nobody could find out what had happened.
The rescue gathers people and safety teams.
the left Southeast Asia's north,
sure to nightfall out.
Yoko's story